---
layout: cedr_layout
title: PyTorch
---

# Automated PyTorch Application Deployment on Heterogeneous SoC

The PyTorch programming interface enables efficient deployment of machine learning models, leveraging the parallelism offered by GPU architectures. In this study, we present the integration of the PyTorch framework with a compiler and runtime ecosystem. Our aim is to demonstrate the ability to deploy PyTorch-based models on FPGA-based SoC platforms, without requiring users to possess prior FPGA-based design experience. We realize seamless deployment of PyTorch models by dynamically loading accelerator-supported functions during runtime. This approach allows runtime to benefit from accelerators for certain layers and fall back to CPU for unsupported layers. Such flexibility facilitates the integration from native Python implementation to a diverse set of heterogeneous SoCs. This approach does not require users to have prior FPGA-based design experience and delivers a straightforward, portable, and adaptable deployment process. This is achieved by incorporating neural network layers at the task level through an API-based programming model, thereby obviating the necessity for hardware implementation of the model. Our experiments involve compiling and executing real-life applications on heterogeneous SoC configurations emulated on the Xilinx Zynq Ultrascale+ ZCU102 system. We showcase our ability to deploy three distinct PyTorch applications, encompassing object detection, visual geometry group (VGG), and speech classification, using the integrated compiler and runtime system without loss of model accuracy. Furthermore, we extend our analysis by evaluating dynamically arriving workload scenarios, consisting of a mix of PyTorch models and non-PyTorch-based applications. Through these experiments, we vary the hardware composition and scheduling heuristics. Our findings indicate that when PyTorch-based applications coexist with unrelated applications, our integrated scheduler fairly dispatches tasks to the FPGA platform's accelerator and CPU cores, without compromising the target throughput for each application.
